Parse.Cloud.onLiveQueryEvent Documentation (#666)
ParsePlatform/Docs: _includes/cloudcode/cloud-code.md

- On sign up
- If the login credentials are incorrect

# LiveQuery Triggers

*Available only on parse-server cloud code starting 2.6.2*

> Sometimes you may want monitor Live Query Event to be used with a 3rd Party such as datadog. The `onLiveQueryEvent` trigger can be logging events triggered, number of clients connected, number of subscriptions and errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes you may want to monitor Live Query Events to be used with a 3rd Party such as datadog. The `onLiveQueryEvent` trigger can log events triggered, number of clients connected, number of subscriptions and errors.
```

- On sign up
- If the login credentials are incorrect

# LiveQuery Triggers

*Available only on parse-server cloud code starting 2.6.2*

Sometimes you may want to monitor Live Query Events to be used with a 3rd Party such as datadog. The `onLiveQueryEvent` trigger can log events triggered, number of clients connected, number of subscriptions and errors.

```javascript
Parse.Cloud.onLiveQueryEvent(({
  event,
  client,
  sessionToken,
  useMasterKey,
  installationId,
  clients,
  subscriptions,
  error
}) => {
  if (event !== 'ws_disconnect') {
    return;
  }
  // Do your magic
});
```

> *client, sessionToken, useMasterKey and installationId are available on parse-server cloud code 2.8.0+*

Reviewer: 3.8.0?
```suggestion
*client, sessionToken, useMasterKey and installationId are available on parse-server cloud code 3.8.0+*
```
